git-ubuntu-merge: add a note for defaultReviewer (#734)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/contributors/merging/git-ubuntu-merge-proposal.md

$ git config [--global] gitubuntu.submit.defaultReviewer <launchpad-reviewer>
```

> :::{note}
> The previous configurations for `defaultReviewer` will only work
> starting with `git-ubuntu` version 1.2, before this version you need to pass
> the `--reviewer` command-line option to the command.
> :::

Reviewer: ````suggestion
:::{note}
The `defaultReviewer` configuration option is only available with `git-ubuntu` version 1.2 and later. Install the latest stable version of `git-ubuntu` with:

```none
sudo snap install git-ubuntu --classic
```

Use the `--reviewer` command-line option to the command with earlier versions.
:::
````

Author: It's been merged by Sally already, but I can submit another patch if you think it's needed. :)

Reviewer: > It's been merged by Sally already

I know. Mid-flight collision :)

> but I can submit another patch if you think it's needed. :)

It's not a biggie, but perhaps you could include it in one of your future updates?

> the `--reviewer` command-line option to the command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The previous configurations for `defaultReviewer` will only work
starting with `git-ubuntu` version 1.2, before this version you need to pass
the `--reviewer` command-line option to the command.
```
